ews-message-trace-get from_ip, to_ip bug (#40408)
demisto/content: Packs/MicrosoftExchangeOnline/ReleaseNotes/1_6_13.md

#### Integrations

##### EWS Extension Online Powershell v3

> - Fixed a bug in **ews-message-trace-get** command filtering results based on **from_ip** and **to_ip**

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Fixed a bug where the ***ews-message-trace-get*** command would fail when filtering results based on the **from_ip** and **to_ip** arguments.
```
